Explain that 'empty' fields are not allowed (#207)
AY2324S1-CS2103-W14-3/tp: docs/UserGuide.md

> <div markdown="span" class="alert alert-info">

Reviewer: Re: Would need to change to `markdown="block"` or the bullet points are probably going to look very weird even if they work.

> <div markdown="span" class="alert alert-info">
> :information_source: **About tags:**
> Duplicate tags are only counted once.
> Empty tags are not allowed. If you wish to omit tags, you may simply omit the `[t/TAG]` option.
> </div>

Reviewer: - Since we link back to this alert in `edit`, would it be clearer if we say that these empty tags/alternates are only not allowed when adding?
- For consistency, should we use the term "parameter" instead of "option"?
- This alert is a span, so all the sentences get combined into a paragraph. The individual sentences may read a bit oddly when strung together. Maybe convert it into a block of bullet points like some of the other longer alerts?

Draft something like:
```suggestion
<div markdown="block" class="alert alert-info">
:information_source: **About tags:**

- Duplicate tags are only counted once.

- Specifying empty tags (`t/` with no value) is not allowed when adding contacts. If you wish to specify no tags, you may simply leave out the `t/` parameter.
</div>
```

These comments could also apply to the alternate contact alert below.

Author: ok done! I really need to look at what my intellij is doing with markdown files, somehow the formatting is all different...
